[DOC] Add note for app with G12 (#451)
grafana/traces-drilldown: docs/sources/access/index.md

### Install the Traces Drilldown plugin

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> If you are using Grafana v12 or later, Traces Drilldown may be pre-installed.

Reviewer: @adrapereira confirmed that Traces Drilldown is available by default after upgrading to Grafana 12. So we can rewrite this as something like
```suggestion
If you are using Grafana v12 or later, Traces Drilldown is already installed, go to [Access Traces Drilldown](#access-traces-drilldown).
```

Also we can consider that at some point, this will be the default. So this section would become: only needed if you're used Grafana 11

Reviewer: @joey-grafana @knylander-grafana left a comment - not sure what's the best way to write it, we can leave the admonition for now, but just say this installation is not needed for versions >= G12.
